modules/intro/pages/index.adoc, before:

= Overview

TigerGraph Insights is a no-code visual graph analyzer that makes building data analytics dashboards intuitive.
Non-technical users can quickly and easily obtain meaningful visual insights that would remain hidden without a deep graph-enabled analysis of their connected data.

== Features

* Intuitive visual query builder
* Ability to explore graph data through xref:widgets:index.adoc[], including graphs, maps, tables, charts, and more
* Responsive and interactive demos for displaying graph information to a general audience

== Quick Start

Launch TigerGraph Insights from the nine-dot family of apps button image:nine-dot-button.png[] in the GUI of any cloud or local TigerGraph instance.

From there, you can create xref:applications.adoc[] that display xref:widgets:index.adoc[] for users to interact with.

== Supported Browsers

As of September 2022, Insights is certified on the following browsers:

|===
|Chrome |Safari |Firefox |Edge

|Version 103.0.5060.53 (Official Build) (arm64)
|Version 15.2 (17612.3.6.1.6)
|Version 103.0.2
|Version 104.0.1293.54 (Official build) (arm64)
|===


Not all features are guaranteed to work on other browsers.
Please make sure to enable JavaScript and cookies in your browser settings.


== Limitations

* Concurrent editing on the same application is not supported, if two users are editing the same application at the same time, the second editor might potentially lose his/her work.
* Input names can be duplicated, the last changed value of the same named inputs will be used as the parameter value.
* Accumulators are not currently supported
* Only the creator can edit the application, all other users can view the application
* Widget in iframe sharing mode requires manual login

Commit message:

update inputs page and add preview note on intro

modules/intro/pages/index.adoc, after:

= Overview

TigerGraph Insights is a no-code visual graph analyzer that makes building data analytics dashboards intuitive.
Non-technical users can quickly and easily obtain meaningful visual insights that would remain hidden without a deep graph-enabled analysis of their connected data.

[NOTE]
This release of TigerGraph Insights is a preview meant for early learning and experimentation with new features.
Please report any issues and feedback to support@tigergraph.com. 

== Features

* Intuitive visual query builder
* Ability to explore graph data through xref:widgets:index.adoc[], including graphs, maps, tables, charts, and more
* Responsive and interactive demos for displaying graph information to a general audience

== Quick Start

Launch TigerGraph Insights from the nine-dot family of apps button image:nine-dot-button.png[] in the GUI of any cloud or local TigerGraph instance.

From there, you can create xref:applications.adoc[] that display xref:widgets:index.adoc[] for users to interact with.

== Supported Browsers

As of September 2022, Insights is certified on the following browsers:

|===
|Chrome |Safari |Firefox |Edge

|Version 103.0.5060.53 (Official Build) (arm64)
|Version 15.2 (17612.3.6.1.6)
|Version 103.0.2
|Version 104.0.1293.54 (Official build) (arm64)
|===


Not all features are guaranteed to work on other browsers.
Please make sure to enable JavaScript and cookies in your browser settings.


== Limitations

* Concurrent editing on the same application is not supported, if two users are editing the same application at the same time, the second editor might potentially lose his/her work.
* Input names can be duplicated, the last changed value of the same named inputs will be used as the parameter value.
* Accumulators are not currently supported
* Only the creator can edit the application, all other users can view the application
* Widget in iframe sharing mode requires manual login
